hello this is josh i'm just showing them
out my character it now on scatter level
81 cuz you kind of an archer so yeah so
that came some adventure i bet this is I
have some more car just want to show off
my gear my talents and whatever so let's
get started and so I 100 alchemy
everything is filled out here 100 speech
anything else pickpocket max
lock-picking max sneaking max light
memormax archery Max and we put five in
here for you know daggers and stuff like
that here but I got it all to 100
smithing and enchanting are also 100 and
necessarily skill points i saw this
extra one per panel able to may do
something with in here i'll put it into
my mom put it's a dual fury because I
might find another dagger whatever and I
also show off my weapons i have full
blade of oil legendary deja arrows i did
not know hack these to myself I found
them and i put i did that glitch of the
guards or you give them one arrow then
they just shoot it then you can just
pick them up or whatever I have this
which does a lot of damage due to the
enchants i put on my gear and stuff and
then i got a question i can't get rid of
it and i have the ancient shrouded
gloves for double sneak attack when i'm
trying i can't get in with my bow dragon
scale to increase health and stamina by
62 my boots silence my moves and
increase stamina by 62 gauntlets just do
folding morbo damage four percent more
damage with my bows and same with my
helmet I have a ring which does forty
percent damage with my bows and 62
Samuel increase as well as my necklace
and I switch between you know my gloves
for um double damage with snakes and
stuff and my dragon scale gauntlets I
just hockey them so like I want to use
my dagger and put those on sneak around
so do that 30 times damage or if I
wanted to snipe someone and just put
that stuff on
well thanks for watching the video and I
hope you guys liked it bye